---
redirect_from:
  - "/videos/ldizgznrlhe"

date: 2014-01-20
title: Days of Marvel Future - Geek Theory Episode 3
status: Auto
aka: !!seq
topics: !!seq
links: !!seq
  # - "https://archive.org/details/james-somerton-youtube-2023-12-03"
  # - "https://archive.org/details/james-somerton-videos-backup"
  - "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_99Gj5aGIyY"
  - "https://web.archive.org/web/20220605190931/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldiZgzNRlHE"
# description: "a video essay on...?"

cite:
  clips: !!map
  yikes: !!map
  misinformation: !!map
  plagiarized: !!map
---
{% assign tustin = site.data.cite.tustin2121 %}

<compare>
{% include meta-history video=page %}
<credits class="desc">

A look at what I think will happen in the coming years within the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Share and like! :)

Special thanks to my friend Nick for helping me with this one

</credits>
</compare>

{% include transcript-start %}

you so far the Marvel Cinematic Universe has been broken up into phases phase
one was the creation of the Avengers phase 2 has been the aftermath and some
further world building and will culminate with the Avengers 2 age of Ultron and
phase 3 will likely end with the Avengers 3 infinity yes I'm calling it now the
third Avengers movie will be subtitled infinity or at least have the word
infinity in the title somewhere anyway we're all pretty sure or at least I think
I am about how phase 2 will turn out Captain America the Winter Soldier will
introduce the concept of Ultron if not the character which will probably be a
shield initiative since Joss Whedon has stated that Hank Pym will not be the
creator of the psychotic Android so it's either going to be a shield program
gone horribly wrong or creation of Tony's gone wrong but I'm not sure that
Weeden is going to basically make Avengers 2 that centered on Tony Stark so I'm
sticking with the shield theory for now anyway guardians of the galaxy will then
play more toward the introduction of Thanos that big purple guy from the
mid-credits scene in The Avengers it will also look we find one or two more of
the infinity gems which are being called Infinity stones in the Cinematic
Universe these stones play a huge part in the Thanos storyline then we have age
of Ultron which aside from having a psychotic killer robot as the main villain
is a lot cooler than he sounds trust me we'll also include the characters of
Wanda and Pietro Maximoff also known as the Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver
there's been a lot of drama that these two being used by Marvel because they're
technically mutants and the children of x-men villain magneto so they should be
within the x-men franchise which is owned by fox but that's a whole other can of
worms and I'm not going to try and explain that here these two characters have
the potential to be very interesting additions and I have a feeling that the
Scarlet Witch is going to play a massive part in the future of the Marvel
Cinematic Universe but more on that later if Ultron ends up being a shield
initiative there will likely be some disruption between shield and the Avengers
like a total split between the two groups the amount of destruction that Ultron
can cause will also leave the Avengers in pretty rough state with at least one
of their founding members being killed it is Joss Whedon after all so they
probably wouldn't be in the best of shape once the house comes knocking in
Avengers 3 just two months after the Avengers 2 comes out we enter phase 3 with
the introduction of ant-man a character far more interesting than his name may
lead you to believe but there hasn't been a whole lot of other news about who
else will pop up in phase 3 well my first prediction is the Doctor Strange will
find his way onto the silver screen likely with the Scarlet Witch playing a
supporting role in the movie it will introduce magic to the Marvel Cinematic
Universe and allow for some character development with the Scarlet Witch away
from her overprotective brother phase three will also likely see another Thor or
Captain America movie my guess would be Thor since he sort of deals in the
cosmic side of things which is where Thanos would be coming from phase 3 would
also have a heavy focus on those Infinity stones my guess is that the color is
traditionally used to represent the infinity gems in the comics likely won't be
used here but all six stones will likely be included those six represent soul
time space mind reality and power if you have all six you can pretty much do
anything you want which is why Thanos wants them see he's literally in love with
the marvel universe version of the Grim Reaper and basically wants to kill the
entire universe so the she'll love him back he's got some issues but don't we
all so by the time Avengers 3 rolls around we would have five of the six stones
accounted for except for the reality stone Thanos comes to earth and all hell
breaks loose as he tries to find that last stone and the Avengers try to stop
him obviously but where is the stone that would be on earth but where is it well
I think it's intrinsically linked with the Scarlet Witch the reality stone gives
you the power to alter reality even if it conflicts with the laws of science and
that basically explains the scarlet witch's powers so thin ohs would end up
causing some serious physical and mental damage to her in the process of getting
the stone is the stone inside her is she simply a conduit for it who knows but I
see this type of thing happening of course Thanos would be beaten with probably
even more Avengers being killed off in the process my guess is that the only
original Avengers left alive at the end of the third film will be Captain
America and Iron Man now phase 4 is some tricky territory because we really have
no idea where Marvel could Oh throughout phase four we would see the Scarlet
Witch trying to deal with the trauma she went through during the Thanos attack
and mostly being ignored by her fellow Avengers why they're very busy fighting a
public backlash the public believing nathanael never have come to earth had the
Avengers not drawn his attention Tony thinks that the Avengers and shield should
become partners once again making them publicly accountable and essentially
turning the Avengers into a government agency while Captain America
wholeheartedly disagrees and believes that the Avengers need their autonomy he's
seen how corrupt the government can be and he wants nothing to do with it this
major plot thread would run throughout the phase four movies a little bit at a
time and this would also be when the third Captain America movie would take
place which would really highlight the schism between the captain and Tony it
would also come to a head when the Avengers team is literally split in half and
at war with each other Scarlet Witch suffers a complete mental breakdown from
the combo of her already existing stress and the new stress piled on by this war
between her friends the breakdown causes her to inflict harm on both sides of
the Avenger civil war killing some and eventually causing the team to unite
against her they would then voluntarily disband under the reasoning that the
Avengers may have possibly caused more harm than good now this is just my phase
4 theory it would draw heavily from three existing Marvel storylines those being
civil war Avengers disassembled with a hint of House of M mixed in there
although that could never really be fully fleshed out because the Marvel
characters are split up between so many different film studios but the spirit of
that story would be present in the end the Scarlet Witch wouldn't die but would
fade away no one would know where she is no one would be able to find her but
she would be alive somewhere so what about phase 5 well faced by the so far off
in the future that I'd be flying blind to make any kind of predictions for it
but if they follow through with the ideas that I've outlined in this video I
think it would be great to introduce the young avengers and culminate it with
the Children's Crusade storyline but who knows this is probably all just wishful
thinking on my part so what do you guys think of these predictions do you have
any marble storylines that you would love to see come to life in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe and if you have any suggestions for future videos let me know
in the comments below