---
redirect_from:
  - "/videos/lgsa23ixac8"

date: 2014-08-12
title: "Geek Theory #4: The Fantastic Five!"
status: Auto
aka: !!seq
topics: !!seq
links: !!seq
  # - "https://archive.org/details/james-somerton-youtube-2023-12-03"
  - "https://web.archive.org/web/20220605190710/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lgsa23IXac8"
# description: "a video essay on...?"

cite:
  clips: !!map
  yikes: !!map
  misinformation: !!map
  plagiarized: !!map
---
{% assign tustin = site.data.cite.tustin2121 %}

<compare>
{% include meta-history video=page %}
<credits class="desc">

Check out my list of characters that I'd love to see find their way into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

</credits>
</compare>

{% include transcript-start %}

now the guardians of the galaxy a little-known property if ever there was one
has become a worldwide box office smash for marvel i decided to have a look at
some of the other lesser-known marvel characters who i'd like to see take the
journey to the big screen we all know the ones who get mentioned the most such
as captain marvel black panther she hulk and nova along with solo movies for
black widow and the hulk but i'm talking about the characters who don't get
listed on every what marvel needs to do next list in fact i'm not even solely
focusing on heroes here just characters i'd love to see on the big screen okay
let's get started enchantress first introduced in 1964 enchantress also known as
amora is one of thor's longest running villains she is one of the most powerful
beings in all of asgard and regularly uses her powers to charm and control the
minds of marvel's heroes like thor she is immortal and has devoted her entire
existence to the pursuit of pleasure in increasing her own power when she first
encounters thor in the comics she makes it her personal mission to seduce him
away from his mortal love jane foster when she fails in this endeavor she
decides her only recourse is to have jane foster executed of course thor went on
to save jane and defeat enchantress but wouldn't this make a great setup for the
third thor movie and if you wanted to make her a more sympathetic character it
wouldn't be too difficult maybe she doesn't want to kill jane and maybe she
comes off as more of a hero in the end she has been a hero a few times in the
comics and maybe they're up against an even darker more evil foe such as the
next entry on our list gore the god butcher the god butcher is a pretty new
entry to the marvel universe having only been introduced in 2013 but he is one
hell of a villain gore comes from a nameless planet where his people existed in
a constant state of near death growing up he was taught to believe in the gods
and that one day they would answer his prayers when he was only a child though
gore lost both his mother and his father leaving him an orphan in the harsh
nameless world he survived to adulthood and then had a family of his own but
over the years he lost all but one of his sons then while trying to reach what
they believed to be a forest his son died while gore was promising him that when
they reached this forest they would never go hungry again grief stricken gore
swore revenge on the gods that had never answered his prayers and set out on a
journey across the cosmos to murder each and every god in creation and one by
one he succeeded earning the name of the god butcher along the way and although
he would eventually lose to thor who was empowered by the prayers of fallen gods
gore nearly took the god of thunder down with him as you can imagine gore would
be a fantastic villain for thor 3 although he would certainly force the film to
be much darker than its two predecessors he's an incredibly skilled fighter
especially with handheld weapons which could make for some awesome action scenes
and although he is certainly villainous his sympathetic backstory would create a
connection with the audience that malikith the villain from thor the dark world
was sorely lacking in fact that's one of the things that marvel movies haven't
been that great at creating memorable villains sure we have loki but how many
other villains really stick in your mind a week after seeing the movie speaking
of dormammu originally introduced as one of dr strange's first villains dormammu
is described as something worse than a demon a mystical interdimensional force
so powerful that he's capable of almost anything doctor strange himself has said
that dormammu is his most terrible foe if he was to be introduced in the movies
he would be the perfect introductory villain to doctor strange and a villain
much like loki who could be kept around for more than just one movie besides the
fact that dormammu has fought at one point or another both the avengers and the
guardians of the galaxy he also has direct connections with loki and the red
skull if he were to be introduced in the mcu i think it would be a good idea to
merge his character with another one of marvel's demons mephisto mephisto is
probably most well known for wiping two decades of spider-man continuity out of
existence but he also played a hand in the mental breakdown of one of the mcu
upcoming characters the scarlet witch when mephisto's soul was broken into
shards two of the pieces were used to create the twin sons of the scarlet witch
and vision thomas and william however eventually mephisto reforged his soul
blinking the boys out of existence this traumatic event would eventually lead to
the scarlet witch murdering several members of the avengers and all but
exterminating mutant kind so by combining dormammu and mephisto you basically
get twice as many stories for the price of one and the scarlet witch melting
down over her lost children is just rife for cinematic betrayal and speaking of
the scarlet witch's sons the young avengers first introduced in 2005 the young
avengers are a group of teenage superheroes who band together to take up the
avengers mantle after the older avengers disbanded following the scarlet witch's
mental breakdown the original core group is made up of the time traveling iron
lad patriot stature who is the daughter of the soon-to-be-introduced ant-man a
female fan of hawkeye who takes over his name after his death vision the
shapeshifter hulkling the magic user wiccan and the speedster so aptly named
speed later on the group would welcome new members including a younger version
of loki the dynamic of the team is great and could make for some great back and
forths on screen it would also introduce the first gay characters into the mcu
with wiccan and hulkling being one of the most popular couples in all of marvel
comics besides that the characters of wiccan and speed are twin brothers
separated at birth and are eventually revealed to be william and thomas the
assumed dead children of the scarlet witch this would be a great team to
introduce in order to add some sorely lacking diversity to the marvel cinematic
universe and could play easily into any phase of the mcu that might follow an
adaptation of the scarlet witch's meltdown or the disbanding of the official
avengers and finally marvel man or miracle man depending upon who you ask
originally created in 1954 by mick anglo revived in 1982 by comics legend alan
moore and most recently written by fellow comics legend neil gaiman marvel man
was in copyright hell for a good many years with the ownership of the character
being disputed in the courts for decades but recently the character has become
the property of marvel comics with the writing duties being continued by neil
gaiman the story goes that marble man started out as a young reporter named
mickey moran who gets trapped during a terrorist raid on a nuclear power plant
and gains the powers of flight super strength and invulnerability due to the
effects of the radiation basically think of him as a much darker version of
superman now i don't have time to go into a really detailed backstory for marvel
man but most of the back issues are now available in reprints as well as in the
marvel app so i'd say check them out i guarantee you won't be disappointed okay
so that's all for today what do you guys think of my list leave some comments
down below and let me know what characters you would love to see join the marvel
cinematic universe and don't forget to like and subscribe there's a whole lot
more where this came from