---
redirect_from:
  - "/videos/ltcm9exjvoi"

date: 2013-11-24
title: 'Geek Theory - Episode #2 "The DC Cinematic Black Hole"'
status: Auto
aka: !!seq
topics: !!seq
links: !!seq
  # - "https://archive.org/details/james-somerton-youtube-2023-12-03"
  # - "https://archive.org/details/james-somerton-videos-backup"
  - "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFg8hONxr7E"
  - "https://web.archive.org/web/20220605190931/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltcm9exjvoi"
# description: "a video essay on...?"

cite:
  clips: !!map
  yikes: !!map
  misinformation: !!map
  plagiarized: !!map
---
{% assign tustin = site.data.cite.tustin2121 %}

<compare>
{% include meta-history video=page %}
<credits class="desc">

In this episode I talk about DC's attempts at created a cinematic universe like Marvel's, how they're failing, and how they could make it succeed.

</credits>
</compare>

{% include transcript-start %}

Warner Brothers and DC Comics are absolutely obsessed with creating their own
Cinematic Universe much like Marvel has done over the past few years Man of
Steel the recent Superman movie was their first attempt at creating such an
interconnected Universe we all know that the next Superman movie will feature
Batman in what capacity though we're not quite sure will it be a team up will
they be fighting against each other or will Batman be absent all together with
only Bruce Wayne playing into the story that last option is the one I'm hoping
for and it's also the least likely to happen so I'm not getting my hopes up but
why are they so determined to put Superman and Batman into a single movie
especially since Man of Steel was the first really successful Superman movie in
decades even though it uh performed well below Warner Brothers expectations well
that's the reason right there Batman is a license to print money for Warner
Brothers Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy grossed almost $2.3 billion
worldwide Man of Steel has taken in 662 million worldwide which is definitely
respectable but nowhere near the numbers for the Dark Knight or The Dark Knight
Rises so you take Batman who can bring in a fortune and Superman who does pretty
well at the box office on his own and throw them together and voila there you
have the beginning of the DC Cinematic Universe but the problem is that Batman
is really the only DC character that has consistently done well at the box
office Superman has been hit or miss at best the Green Lantern was an absolute
disaster to say the least and they haven't really had the guts to put anyone
else on the Silver Screen no matter how many times people cry for a Wonder Woman
movie so Warner Brothers and DC are basically betting The Firm that a Superman
and Batman team up will bring in billions of dollars and to be perfectly honest
they're probably right but it's going to take a lot of work to create a
Cinematic Universe that can realistically feature characters like Batman
Superman and the Green Lantern Wonder Woman in the flash let alone Aquaman
movies are not comic books and sometimes the suspension of disbelief is a little
harder to come by I know that DC wants a Cinematic Universe that can compete
with Marvel but I think they may be going about it in the wrong way Batman is
the only DC character with a proven track record in feature films so why not
milk that property I'm not saying that they should just blindly make more Batman
movies because I along with a lot of other people feel that Batman is a little
Overexposed but there are plenty of characters within the Batman Universe that
are right for cinematic betrayals they could create a Cinematic Universe based
entirely around Batman characters such as Robin Batgirl Nightwing Batwoman even
Commissioner Gordon they could even have the story follow on directly from The
Dark Knight trilogy Batman is gone yes but crime still exists so other people
have to take up the mantle of crime fighter in Gotham City and the surrounding
areas so the characters could easily interact with each other DC and Warner
could beat Marvel to the punch by having Batwoman be the first major LGBT
superhero to hit the big screen and they could have different tones depending
upon which characters are in each movie such as lighter tones for Bair and Robin
appealing to a younger demographic making it safe for you to bring the small
kids to the movies again and have darker tones for Commissioner Gordon Batwoman
Nightwing more in line with Man of Steel and The Dark Knight series and if the
person playing Robin wants to leave the series no problem there have been so
many different characters portraying the Boy Wonder in the comics that an actor
change would mean very little and could quickly be explained away and you
wouldn't have to spend a whole lot of time in each movie introducing new
villains because Batman's most well-known villains frequently spill over into
these other character stories there is so much potential here but it's like it
hasn't even been considered by the people at Warner Brothers had they done this
instead of Batman versus Superman they might have even avoided the whole Ben
Affleck backlash and we would all be better off so what do you guys think do you
think the Batman Cinematic Universe is a more realistic goal for Warner and DC
or do you think they can actually pull off a Justice League movie within the
next couple of years let me know in the comments below don't forget to like And
subscribe and I will be back soon with another episode