---
redirect_from:
  - "/videos/zi8itzm1ayi"

date: 2014-04-04
title: "Geek Movie Review! Captain America: The Winter Solider"
status: Auto
aka: !!seq
topics: !!seq
links: !!seq
  # - "https://archive.org/details/james-somerton-youtube-2023-12-03"
  # - "https://archive.org/details/james-somerton-videos-backup"
  - "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWxaciY2EqA"
  - "https://web.archive.org/web/20211013073849/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi8ITzM1aYI"
# description: "a video essay on...?"

cite:
  clips: !!map
  yikes: !!map
  misinformation: !!map
  plagiarized: !!map
---
{% assign tustin = site.data.cite.tustin2121 %}

<compare>
{% include meta-history video=page %}
<credits class="desc">

My review of Marvel's next blockbuster; Captain America: The Winter Solider.

</credits>
</compare>

{% include transcript-start %}

coming up on the Drop Zone cap do you do anything fun Saturday night well all
the guys in my barbershop quartet are dead so no not really you know if you ask
Kristen out from statistics you'd probably say yes that's why I don't ask too
shy or too scared too busy Captain America the First Avenger was probably one of
the riskier movies in the first phase of the Marvel Cinematic Universe the hero
is named after and dressed in the flag of a country that isn't exactly winning a
lot of global popularity contests right now it was a period piece taking place
during World War II and there's nothing really that eye-catching about the
character Iron Man has that amazing suit Thor has lightning at his hammer the
Hulk is a giant green monster but Captain America is just a really strong guy
with an awesomely strong Shield so it took a lot of guts to bring him to the
Silver Screen and luckily for Marvel it worked out Captain America the First
Avenger received critical Acclaim across the board and a strong showing at the
box office since then Marvel has become one of the strongest forces in Hollywood
today with the Avengers and Iron Man 3 smashing box office records all over the
world and Thor sequel the Dark World eclipsing Its predecessor at the box office
now it's time for the Red White and Blue Boy Scout to come back for his second
go-around up until now Marvel's second phase has been good but not great Iron
Man 3 angered fans with some of its plot twists and Thor 2 was light on any
meaningful character development except for Loki so one couldn't be blamed for
having low expectations for Captain America 2 but the captain knocks it out of
the park in a big way the Winter Soldier is far more of a spy Thriller than a
superhero movie and it actually works out really well since Captain America's
Powers aren't nearly as flashy as some of his Avengers counterparts the acting
is about what you'd expect from a Marvel movie now ranging from good to great
Chris Evans is of course perfect is it the good Captain the Persona the
physicality it works just as well as it always has I really enjoyed the moments
that had Steve Rogers as a man out of time like checking off cultural
touchstones that had taken place since he was frozen I wish there was more of
that in the movie but I can't really complain too much because it's not like the
rest of the movie is lacking because of it Samuel L Jackson is finally given his
time to shine in this movie instead of being a glorified cameo in the other
Marvel films Scarlett Johansson's Black Widow steals the show on more than one
occasion and this really justifies all the hype for there being a black widow
Solo movie or at least a black widow and Hawkeye team up Sebastian Stan's Winter
Soldier is a force to be reckoned with in the film though I think he's a little
underused considering his name isn't the title Anthony Mackey is a great
addition to the cast bringing some levity to the movie while still having some
gravitas speaking of levity that is one thing that the directors Anthony Angelo
Russo really nail in this movie and that's the mixture of levity and darkness
the winter soldiers first and foremost a thriller it's not a comedy but it has
enough comedic moments sprinkled throughout skillfully I might add that it makes
the darker more serious beats hit even harder it's the perfect mix and one I
rarely seen in the comic book movie another thing the Russo Brothers Get Right
is the action they're the fun gripping can't look away action sequences that
really add to the movie instead of being a time where you could check your phone
or go refill your soda these are easily the best action sequences Marvel has put
on the Silver Screen since the Avengers and they may be even better speaking of
the Avengers Captain America the Winter Soldier is a direct sequel to the Marvel
Blockbuster and a direct Prelude to The Avengers 2 Age of Ultron I won't give
anything away but if you plan on seeing Avengers 2 next summer you should
definitely see the Winter Soldier first no spoilers just take my word for it
Captain America the Winter Soldier is the type of comic book movie that actually
transcends the label it's not just a great comic book movie but a great movie in
its own right it eclipses its phase two predecessors and most if not all of
phase one as well in my humble opinion I think Captain America the Winter
Soldier could very well be the best Marvel movie to date and should maybe make
DC rethink releasing Batman vs Superman on the same day as Captain America 3 in
2016. so what did you guys think of Captain America the Winter Soldier leave
your comments below and if you like this review you should subscribe I'll be
reviewing all the major movies this summer with the Winter Soldier we're offer
one hell of a start